hey folks Matt from our to the image a
lot of friends shooting with the Fuji
x100s online a lot of friends even just
locally I know that habit and a lot of
people really loving the Fuji x100s I
what I would do is put together some
Fuji x100s tricks and notes for maximum
performance also just things you might
want to know if you're considering
buying the camera what it can do some of
the potential negatives and the
positives from the camera so one of the
things that's kind of a little bit of a
negative is it can take a long time to
wake up from sleep mode so it's
something that you might want to disable
in the camera is the sleep function and
turn it over to quick start just so
you're not waiting for it to wake up
when it goes to sleep to conserve
battery power which leads us into the
next thing you want to have at least one
extra battery if not a few because the
batteries are small small capacity and
the camera can go through them quite
quickly especially if you're using the
electronic viewfinder a lot or doing a
lot of image reviewing so you want to
have more than one battery the JPEG
files from the x100 are excellent I've
seen quite a few of them very very nice
very detailed very low noise no banding
some people have reported the Lightroom
conversions from raw have some banding
and some noise at higher ISO 3200 6400
nothing crazy but noticeable compared to
the JPEGs now the camera does come with
the silky pix raw converter which
several people has referred to as the
worst raw converter they've ever seen so
you probably don't want to use that raw
converter if you are going to shoot raw
you probably want to use Lightroom or
another route converter such as aperture
or what's built into Photoshop
so the EVF the electronic viewfinder it
seems to be accurate and easier to get
good focus within the OVF the optical
viewfinders a lot of people seem to be
experiencing that and i've notice a few
people making that same comment so the
EVF seems to be act more accurate and
easier to use the shutter lag apparently
is at
excellent some people have said it's
even faster than DSLR and basically
non-existent so no shutter like to speak
of really good option there a friend of
mine that has said that basically the
iso 3200 and 6400 is on par with the 5d
mark ii and the Nikon d3 or d 700 that's
if you factor in that the 5d mark ii
files resized to the size of the d3 and
D 700 those are basically on par if
they're resized and they're saying that
basically the X 100 is pretty much on
par maybe a tad below the 5d mark ii or
the d3 or d 700 but very very close so
that is very good for the x 104 quality
of high iso images the lens is
reportedly a match for the venerable
nikon 24 to 70 f28 g one of the fellas I
know that shoots that says it's easily a
match for that so and he's a very
reputable wedding shooter and very well
known in the higher levels of wedding
shooting and he shoots with the D 3s and
that lens so to be saying that is quite
kudos for the lens quality in the
optical quality on the X 100 the
low-light focus is quite fast but not
always accurate
getting a lot of reports confirming that
people would generally agree with that
so it's quick to focus but not always
accurate so perhaps three or so low to
five shots are going to be sharp and
then the other two might be out of focus
or slightly out of focus maybe not just
as sharp as the other three so something
to bear in mind there the image preview
if if you have an image up on the LCD on
the back it can take one to two seconds
or so a delay before the cameras into
shooting mode again and ready to capture
another photo so a little bit of a
slight delay to do that you wouldn't
find that for instance on the d7000 or
the 60d so just a little bit of a delay
there to be aware of on the X 100 that
if you're reviewing an image it might
take a second or two before you're able
to shoot again before the camera gets
that ready to go one of the really cool
things
flash sync is reportedly very high on
the camera
1-800-816-6088 so to see a camera that
can actually flash sync it four
thousandths of a second is awesome super
silent this camera makes virtually no
noise if you're using it as a backup or
shooting it in tandem with a DSLR at a
wedding people don't even really realize
it's taken a photo at least not from
noise of the shutter like you would on a
typical DSLR some DSLRs are quite noisy
shutters so I have a camera like this
that's like a like in the sense that
makes virtually no noise very stealthy
camera so there's some tips tricks and
notes on the x100 hopefully help you to
decide if you're looking at buying it or
if you have one give you some tips and
tricks that you might not know or things
you might want to use to to tweak it to
the best performance for you thanks for
tuning in folks stay tuned we'll be back
with some new video soon here at our to
the image comm some new posts and we'll
keep you up to date with what's going on
in the world of photography thanks a lot
you